📦 Cap Cython under Python 3.12+ below v3.1 (#1412)
aio-libs/yarl: CHANGES/1412.bugfix.rst

Reviewer: Let's change or symlink this to a `packaging` type.

Reviewer 2: Sorry, I don't follow

Reviewer 2: Ok.
Honestly I don't really care.
Let's rename a file extension without making a symlink

> Removed usage of Cython pre-release versions -- by :user:`ajsanchezsanz`, :user:`markgreene74`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stopped implicitly allowing the use of Cython pre-release versions when
building the distribution package -- by :user:`ajsanchezsanz` and
:user:`markgreene74`.
```
